Doc: Update Single DC L3LS example (#2803)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/examples/single-dc-l3ls/README.md

- Two sets of (virtual) leaf switches, serving endpoints such as servers.
- Two (virtual) layer2-only switches often used for management connectivity to the servers.

Ansible playbooks are included to show the following:

- Building the intended configuration and documentation
- Deploying the configuration directly to the switches using eAPI
- Deploying the configuration via CloudVision to the switches, thereby including a full change-based workflow with rollback capability etc.

## Installation

Requirements to use this example:

- Follow the installation guide for AVD found [here](../../docs/installation/collection-installation.md).

> - If you intend to use the integration with CloudVision, follow the separate installation guide for the CVP collection [here](https://cvp.avd.sh/en/latest/docs/installation/collection-installation/).

Reviewer: Not needed, since the CVP collection is already part of the dependencies for AVD.

Author: Fixed

---
all:
  children:
    CLOUDVISION:
      hosts:
        cvp:
          # Ansible variables used by the ansible_avd and ansible_cvp roles to push configuration to devices via CVP

>           ansible_httpapi_host: 192.168.1.12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

          ansible_host: 192.168.1.12
          ansible_user: ansible
          ansible_password: ansible
          ansible_connection: httpapi
          ansible_httpapi_use_ssl: true
          ansible_httpapi_validate_certs: false
          ansible_network_os: eos

>           # Configuration to get Virtual Env information
>           ansible_python_interpreter: $(which python3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

    password: 4b21pAdCvWeAqpcKDFMdWw==

p2p_uplinks_mtu: 1500 # (4)!

default_interfaces: # (5)!
  - types: [ spine ]
    platforms: [ default ]
    uplink_interfaces: [ Ethernet1-2 ]
    downlink_interfaces: [ Ethernet1-8 ]
  - types: [ l3leaf ]
    platforms: [ default ]
    uplink_interfaces: [ Ethernet1-2 ]
    mlag_interfaces: [ Ethernet3-4 ]
    downlink_interfaces: [ Ethernet8 ]
  - types: [ l2leaf ]
    platforms: [ default ]
    uplink_interfaces: [ Ethernet1-2 ]

cvp_instance_ip: 192.168.1.12 # (6)!
terminattr_smashexcludes: "ale,flexCounter,hardware,kni,pulse,strata"
terminattr_ingestexclude: "/Sysdb/cell/1/agent,/Sysdb/cell/2/agent"
terminattr_disable_aaa: true

name_servers: # (7)!
  - 192.168.1.1

> custom_structured_configuration_ntp: # (8)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ntp: # (8)!
```

Author: This is required

8. `spanning_tree_portfast` defines whether the switch port should be a spanning tree edge port or a network port.
9. `port-channel` defines the description and mode for the port-channel.

## The playbooks

In this example, three playbooks are included, whereof two must be used:

1. The first playbook `build.yml` is mandatory and is used to build the structured configuration, documentation and finally the actual EOS CLI configuration.
2. The second playbook is a choice between:

>    1. `deploy.yml` to deploy the data generated from `build.yml` to the Arista switches directly using eAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. `deploy.yml` to deploy the configurations generated by `build.yml` directly to the Arista switches using eAPI.
```

Author: Fixed

>    2. `deploy-cvp.yml` to deploy the data generated from `build.yml` to the Arista switches using CloudVision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. `deploy-cvp.yml` to deploy the configurations generated by `build.yml` to the Arista switches using CloudVision.
```

Author: Fixed

``` bash
### Deploy Configurations to Devices Using CloudVision Portal
ansible-playbook playbooks/deploy-cvp.yml
```

### EOS Intended Configurations

Your configuration files should be similar to these.

=== "dc1-spine1"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-spine1.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

=== "dc1-spine2"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-spine2.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

=== "dc1-leaf1a"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-leaf1a.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

=== "dc1-leaf1b"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-leaf1b.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

=== "dc1-leaf1c"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-leaf1c.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

=== "dc1-leaf2a"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-leaf2a.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

=== "dc1-leaf2b"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-leaf2b.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

=== "dc1-leaf2c"

    ``` shell
    --8<--
    examples/single-dc-l3ls/intended/configs/dc1-leaf2c.cfg
    --8<--
    ```

> ### Executing the playbooks

Reviewer: This seems redundant to the section above `### Playbook Run`

Author: Removed headline
